# Inventory-Management-System
The project aims at developing an android application for the Digitalization of QC Documents. The application can be accessed
throughout the organization or a specified Group/Department/Customer. It can be used to track the raw materials coming into the factory and its authorized documents such as certificates/warranty/guarantee. Based on some criteria and patterns different barcodes will be generated for different valves and raw materials used. The raw material will be tracked on a uniquely identified scheme (Barcode).

Digitizing documents makes processes more secure, quicker, and more cost-effective. Good security makes good financial sense because security and lost data cost money and resources. Paper is inherently insecure. Paper files stored in file cabinets and file rooms present a security risk. Creating one source of truth for each document/item of data. Improving access to information. Integrating business systems/requirements. The generation of a unique QR code on the customer side will show all the details of the raw materials and its related documents used for the specific valves

The digitization of QC documents allows the authorized members to access the data that has been stored. The raw materials used for making the valves, their certificates, and verified documents are also stored in the database. These can be accessed whenever required. A unique barcode will be generated whenever new materials are added to the system. A unique QR code will be generated for each valve. and generated QR code will be provided to the customer and when the customer scans the QR code all the details and certificates of the valves and raw materials specific to the product will get displayed. All the details regarding valves and materials that are used for the creation of the product can be easily fetched from the database. provided to the customer and when a customer
scans the QR code all the details and certificate of the valves and raw materials specific to the product will get displayed. All the details regarding valves and materials that are used for the creation of the product can be easily fetched from the database.
